this is what is left of a tomato
hornworm say a caterpillar that type
thing that likes to eat tomato plants
the it eats the leaves it eats the
tomatoes apparently it's a real pest in
if you're trying to grow tomatoes this
one was killed by the bracketed wasp
laying lots and lots of eggs more of
these white little eggs on here than I
can count dozens and dozens and dozens
who know you know I don't know there's
maybe fifty a hundred I don't know how
many eggs around there but i did a video
maybe a week ago just showing the while
the caterpillar was still green and
plump but basically what happens is that
the eggs or larvae I'm not sure the
exact term of the bracketed wasp they
basically get laid just attached to the
scanner just slightly into the skin of
the tomato hornworm and as they mature
and grow they eat their way inside of
the tomato hornworm and you can see that
basically all that's left of him is sort
of a kind of you know floppy dried out
shell so those bracketed wasps have
taken care of this particular individual
garden pests for me and just kind of
wanted to show I've seen a lot of
pictures online and and my other videos
that showed this this will nature
phenomenon here but this was one where
you know I actually got a chance to see
it after after the damage was done so to
speak to the caterpillar here in terms
of in terms of him being all dried out
so i thought i would add this this video
on as well so just something you know
it's just cool stuff you see in the
garden always
always kind of amazing to a science /
nature geek like myself to see what I
discover when I can come out in the
morning to to harvest my vegetables
alright that's all for now